DTCT-1058 graphql cancel order (#563)
centrahq/api-documentation: pages/05.api-references/05.graphql-integration-api/05.examples/01.dtc/docs.md

}
```

### Cancelling an order

> It is possible to cancel an orders, those that are not shipped or capture, using an cancel mutation. In this case DTC and wholesale flows are the same. Canceling the order will result in the order having a status `canceled` set. The difference between cancelling order and only canceling lines is that cancelling order will not affect the order line’s quantity and canceled quantity, meaning that the information about the original order’s quantity will still be available on the order.

Reviewer: suggestion to rephrase this a little and fix typos

```suggestion
It is possible to cancel orders that haven't been completed by using an cancel mutation. In this case DTC and wholesale flows are the same. Canceling the order will result in the order having a status `cancelled` set. 
It's important to note that there's a difference between cancelling an entire order vs cancelling specific lines on the order. When you cancel the entire order, order line's quantity remain unchanged and you can still see original order's quantities.
```

It is also possible to cancel authorization on payment provider side, to do this the `cancelAuthorization` param has to be set to: true.

> For now cancel authorization is supported by this psp providers:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For now, cancelling authorization is supported by following PSP integrations:
```

* Adyen Drop-In
* Klarna Checkout V3
* Klarna Payments

[notice-box=readMore]

> Authorization cancel is available only for orders without any captures or fully refunded.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can only cancel authorization for orders that have not been captured or have not been fully refunded.
```

[/notice-box]

> Authorization cancel won’t affect order cancellation in centra, in case of failure user will get warning in response and proper payment history entry will be added.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you specify `cancelAuthorization:true` to request a cancellation with the PSP and the request to the PSP fails, the order cancellation in Centra will still proceed. In such a scenario, a warning will be returned to the user, and a corresponding entry will be made in the payment history.
```

Reviewer: suggestion to rephrase this - the 1st part was not very clear with  `Authorization cancel won’t affect order cancellation in centra`
